Customer Testimonials
---------------------

I came to Carla for helping me on my accent after being referred by a doctor and I felt so happy for this decision. At our first meeting, she went over my background, listened to my own statement and was able to identity the areas we could focus with a very patient way. In the next almost 6 months, she identified the area we would like to focus for each class and made adjustment after actual class. Very responsible and efficient in improving my accent. She would be the one if you are looking for speech expert to enhance communication skills or improving your accent.

M.R.     San Jose CA

"As a case manager for adults and kids with disabilities, I seek services to meet my clients' needs. I am fortunate to be able to hire & work with the best clinicians in our community. Carla is definitely part of my 'dream team.' Social communication is her game. The keen insight that Carla brings to the table helps us get to the end goal quicker. She is a great listener, quick-study and an excellent teacher, clinician and collaborator. She is the first person who comes to my mind when I have a client who needs help with social communication."

Rebecca Whitmire, CEO, Whitmire & Associates LLC, Seattle WA



"Carla has gained considerable expertise in understanding the unique learning needs that blindness can cause in the development of language skills. She worked with many children and their families who were struggling with learning to communicate and made a significant impact on their abilities. She is able to cull out what might be different and make practical for solutions that can be carried out at home and school."

Scott Truax, Family Connect Program Manager, American Foundation for the Blind



"You have made such a huge difference in the lives of so many as a mentor, coach and clinician. You have a beautiful ability of seeing the whole child at their level."

Sarah F., Speech/Language Pathologist



"Thank you so much for the things you helped me do. Thank you for helping me to talk, communicate and use pictures. Thank you for helping me come a long way."

Client seen as a preschooler, now a full-time student at the University of Washington



"Thank you for your guidance when times were hard."

Parents of client seen as a preschooler who now attends college.



“Carla has been a friend and professional colleague for nearly 30 years. She has a remarkable depth and breadth of knowledge about autism spectrum disorder and how it affects individuals throughout the lifespan, from toddlers to adults. Her diagnostic and treatment skills are superb, and any family fortunate enough to work with her will find a truly dedicated, compassionate clinician on their side.”

Anita Wright, Speech/Language Pathologist, Seattle Children’s Autism Center



"It has been a joy having you work with [our daughter]. You have been a fantastic resource for our family and so many others. Thank you for your lifelong commitment to this community."

Mother of a 4 year old daughter with Asperger Syndrome



"Thank you so much for all you've done for our family. Your knowledge has been invaluable to us. We have seen a lot of positive improvements in our daughter since you've started working with her - and your work has given us confidence that she can, and will, have a happy and fulfilling life, and that we can give her the support she needs." 

Father of a 4 year old daughter with Asperger Syndrome


